[11.0][ADD] sale_timesheet_draft_invoice: create addon (#275)
OCA/timesheet: sale_timesheet_draft_invoice/readme/DESCRIPTION.rst

> By default timesheet lines will appear in invoice when it confirmed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default timesheet lines appear on invoices when they are confirmed. 
With this addon timesheet lines are linked when invoice lines are created.
This same logic is already implemented in v12.
```
